Document label-based routing for Prometheus remote write endpoint (#6583)
elastic/docs-content: manage-data/data-store/data-streams/tsds-ingest-prometheus-remote-write.md

This sends data to the `metrics-infrastructure.prometheus-production` data stream.

### Route by labels

> You can also route individual time series to different data streams by attaching `data_stream_dataset` and `data_stream_namespace` labels to each time series. These labels take precedence over the URL path when set, and allow a single remote write endpoint to fan out metrics to multiple data streams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also route individual time series to different data streams by attaching `data_stream_dataset` and `data_stream_namespace` labels to each time series. These labels take precedence over the URL path when set and allow a single remote write endpoint to fan out metrics to multiple data streams.
```

Elasticsearch treats these as control fields and does not store them in the document's `labels` object.

If only one of the two labels is present on a time series, the other value falls back to the URL path segment (or the default if no path segment was given).

Use `write_relabel_configs` to add routing labels before sending:

```yaml
remote_write:
  - url: "https://<es_endpoint>/_prometheus/api/v1/write"
    write_relabel_configs:
      - target_label: data_stream_dataset
        replacement: myapp
      - target_label: data_stream_namespace
        replacement: production
```

> This attaches `data_stream_dataset=myapp` and `data_stream_namespace=production` to every time series in this remote write target, routing all metrics to `metrics-myapp.prometheus-production`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example attaches `data_stream_dataset=myapp` and `data_stream_namespace=production` to every time series in this remote write target and routes all metrics to `metrics-myapp.prometheus-production`.
```
